Automate package release with Semantic versioning (#957)
ambanum/OpenTermsArchive: CONTRIBUTING.md

- Do not rely on GitHub issue reference numbers in commit messages, as we have no guarantee the host system and its autolinking will be stable in time. Make sure the context is self-explanatory. If an external reference is given, use its full URL.

### Changelog

> All notable changes to this project must be documented in the [`CHANGELOG.md`](./CHANGELOG.md) file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All changes to the codebase that impact users must be documented in the [`CHANGELOG.md`](./CHANGELOG.md) file. The format to use is documented in the file itself.
```
